People are always asking about our tech stack and the different tools that we
use in the process of building and scaling apps.
So here it is. Quick disclaimer, we are sponsored by some of these apps.
But we first came up with the list of all the most important products that we
used.
And then we reached out to them and we said, "Hey, which of you guys want to
have an affiliate code?"
You do get a discount with some of them, so I would highly recommend using the
link provided or the code mafia at checkout.
All right, let's get started. So you'll notice that we don't have any for ide
ation.
I don't use any tools currently in the process of ideation.
For design, we use Figma. It's the only tool that you should be designing your
consumer apps in.
And then Zitlac Media, when we need additional design bandwidth for design
sprints.
Now, if I'm hiring a designer, I'll usually use Upwork or Dribble to source
them.
For development, for the front end, we use cursor, Xcode, and SwiftUI.
I've gone back and forth between SwiftUI and React Native, but I've pretty much
settled that.
Build first in SwiftUI, and then if you're at the successful, build an Android
version either in React Native and/or Kotlin.
For the back end, we use Superbase and OpenAI. Superbase is our database, and
then OpenAI for AI functionality.
Now, you can also use Firebase or AWS or Inthropic or Grock, but these two seem
to be the gold standard right now.
Superball, I cannot emphasize this enough. You should always use Superball.
I have been promoting them for the longest time, only just recently, instead of
a sponsorship deal with them,
but they're the most important product to use. I use it for every single app.
It is absolutely non-negotiable.
Mixpanel for analytics, appsfire for attribution of your paid ads.
For distribution, we've recently set up an exclusive deal with Creators Corner.
We are the only app sort of studio, I guess, that they will work with.
They are by far the best in the game. There's no contest. They've only been
doing TikTok Shop pretty much for the past couple of years,
because that's where Creators make more money. But I'm really good friends with
Jimmy Farley, one of the founders,
and he agreed to set up an exclusive deal. They will not work with everybody,
but if you are lucky enough to be able to hire their creators, they are no
question the best in the game.
They're the only UGC agency that I've ever worked with that actually produced
massive returns.
Every single other one, almost everyone that you see on Twitter, they don't do
it. They're not actually good Creators Corner is.
Grow-y, good for tracking, good for tracking the results of individual posts,
so influencer UGC gives you better data.
Founder's arm is so important. Founder's arm, you can hire VAs from them, they
source VAs.
Call AI, we have about 35 employees. Over half of them are VAs from Founder's
arm.
VAs are important for reaching out to influencers, managing UGC creators, and
almost any monotonous tasks that you have in your business,
like any other VA sourcing agency that I've used cannot compare to Founder's
arm.
Valid AI, it's paid out agency. Most I've worked with aren't good. They're
pretty good, so I'd recommend them.
Must-haves, so this is kind of like the tools that you're going to use in the
process of running your business.
Parker for banking, we're working with Parker to set up instant payouts at a
lower interest rate than anywhere else on the market for app developers.
If you've ever been paid out, you understand that the 45-day net payout cycle
sucks.
It's horrible, makes it almost impossible to scale in the early days. So,
highly-recommend Parker, alternatively, you can also use Mercury.
Stripe Atlas for setting up your LLC or C-Corp, Slack for managing your team.
You might want to use iMessage or Discord that's fine. You can use it in the
early days, but as you scale, I usually just recommend using Slack.
And then Rome as well. Rome, you definitely don't need unless you have a team
grid and 5-10 people, but Rome is essentially a virtual office.
It makes it a lot easier to manage your team as you scale.
So, please use the links attached here and/or use the code MAFIA.
But, yeah, this is our tech stack. If you have any questions, let us know. We
can update this as we move forward in the future.